This is a modification of GuiltyBystander's tool which can also match your Pareto solutions against gifs you've recorded, and bulk upload solutions which it can match to gifs

Before uploading, make sure to set your author name in hunt.py.
On Mac, zlbb.py had some trouble downloading the correct libverify.so, the osmim library, I had to download the source code and run make libverify.so on my computer

This tool checks all your Opus Magnum solutions, compares them again the leaderboard, and reports which are pareto and should be submitted.

It's not very pretty, but it works. If people like this and I'm not too lazy, I might throw a better UI on it.

To use run hunt.py and enter the number on the menu to do the action, or pass the action number to hunt.py as an argument

1. Rescan
    Counts up how many new files there are that need to be check/recheck
2. Process
    Gathers stats on new/updated files and stores them a database.
3. Mismatch
    Reports which solution parsed scores don't match their computed scores
4. Duplicate Scores
    Reports when multiple solutions have identical scores.  If one is pareto, they'd both get reported and I find this annoying.
5. Duplicate Names
    Reports when multiple solutions have the same name.  It can be a bit confusing to find the solution you're looking for if they have the same name.
6. Refresh leaderboard cache
    After processing local files, this action checks the online leaderboard.  It will only check the leaderboards for which you currently have solutions that might be pareto.
7. Force leaderboard cache
    The previous version only updates the cache if the cache is older than any local modifications. If it's been a while and you think the leaderboard has new submissions that out pareto yours, use this option.
8. Pareto
    Reports all your solutions which would be pareto if submitted to the global leaderboard.  Be sure to run #6 first
9. Just records
    Reports all your pareto solutions which would win a tracked category.  Ties beyond the hard defined metrics default to the existing solutions.
m. Match Gifs
	Tries to match gifs in your gif folder to Pareto solutions. It currently doesn't work for production puzzles and some tournament puzzles
u. Upload Solutions
	uploads all of your Pareto solutions which have matched gifs to the leaderboard


Thanks to:
panic for making omsim https://github.com/ianh/omsim, and providing the library for mac
ieee12345 for providing the library for linux
dinolord919 for helping me update to handle area@infinity and changes to omsim
fenhl for adding command line options
